Docs: document reverse switching functionality introduced in #1670 (#3782)
YaLTeR/niri: docs/wiki/Configuration:-Layout.md

### `preset-column-widths`

Set the widths that the `switch-preset-column-width` action (Mod+R) toggles between.

> <sup>Since: 25.08</sup> Use `switch-preset-column-width-back` action (Unbound) to toggle in reverse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>Since: 25.08</sup> You can use the `switch-preset-column-width-back` action (not bound by default) to toggle in reverse.
```

<sup>Since: 0.1.9</sup>

Set the heights that the `switch-preset-window-height` action (Mod+Shift+R) toggles between.
<sup>Since: 25.08</sup> Use `switch-preset-window-height-back` action (Unbound) to toggle in reverse.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>Since: 25.08</sup> You can use the `switch-preset-column-width-back` action (not bound by default) to toggle in reverse.
```

Extra blank line.
